MAINE JUDICIAL BRANCH 
ADA Notice: The Maine Judicial Branch complies with the Americans with Disabilities Act (ADA). If you need a re asonable 
accommodation, contact the Court Access Coordinator, accessibility@courts.maine.gov , or a court clerk. 
Language Services: For language assistance and interpreters, contact a court clerk or interpreters@courts.maine.gov. 
Page 1 of 1 www.courts.maine.gov CR-289, Rev. 10/24 
Motion to Seal Criminal Conviction for 
Engaging in Prostitution 
STATE OF MAINE “X” the court for filing: 
 Superior Court District Court 
V. Unified Criminal Docket 
County: 
Defendant Location (Town): 
Docket No.: 
Defendant’s DOB (mm/dd/yyyy): 
MOTION TO SEAL CONVICTION FOR ENGAGING IN PROSTITUTION 
15 M.R.S.A. § 2262-A 
N
ow comes the defendant and moves pursuant to 15 M.R.S.A. §§ 2262-A and 2263, to seal Defendant’s 
criminal conviction for Engaging in Prostitution, a Class E crime, under 17-A M.R.S.A., former § 853-A. In 
support of this motion, Defendant states: 
1. De
fendant was convicted of the Class E crime of Engaging in Prostitution on (mm/dd/yyyy)
 . This crime is eligible for sealing under 15 M.R.S.A. § 2261(6) and §2262-A. 
2. It has been at least 1 year since Defendant fully satisfied each of the sentencing alternatives 
imposed, including any incarceration, probation, administrative release, license suspension, fine 
payments, restitution and/or community service.
3. Defendant has not been convicted of a violation of Aggravated Sex Trafficking, Sex Trafficking, 
Engaging a Person in Prostitution, Patronizing Prostitution of Minor or Person with Mental 
Disability, or for engaging in substantially similar conduct in another jurisdiction.
De
fendant moves this Court to order sealing of Defendant’s criminal history record information relating to 
Defendant’s prior criminal conviction for Engaging in Prostitution in this matter. 
Date (mm/dd/yyyy): ► 
Defendant’s Signature 
Defendant’s Mailing Address 
Defendant’s Attorney and Maine Bar No. (if 
applicable) 