OFFICIAL SOURCE EXCERPT

Jurisdiction: Pennsylvania
Source: Pennsylvania General Assembly, Title 18, Chapter 30
Section: 18 Pa.C.S. § 3019, subsections (d) through (g)
Official URL: https://www.legis.state.pa.us/WU01/LI/LI/CT/HTM/18/00.030..HTM
Retrieved: 2026-08-11
Retrieval method: OpenAI web retrieval from the official government page

§ 3019. Victim protection during prosecution.

(d) Motion to vacate conviction.--

(1) An individual convicted under section 3503 (relating to criminal trespass), 5503 (relating to disorderly conduct), 5506 (relating to loitering and prowling at night time), 5507 (relating to obstructing highways and other public passages) or 5902 or an offense for simple possession of a controlled substance committed as a direct result of being a victim of human trafficking may file a motion to vacate the conviction.

(2) In order to be considered, a motion under this subsection must:

(i) Be in writing.

(ii) Be consented to by the attorney for the Commonwealth.

(iii) Describe the supporting evidence with particularity.

(iv) Include copies of any documents showing that the moving party is entitled to relief under this section.

(e) Official documentation.--No official determination or documentation is required to grant a motion under this section, but official documentation from a Federal, State or local government agency indicating that the defendant was a victim at the time of the offense creates a presumption that the defendant's participation in the offense was a direct result of being a victim.

(f) Grant of motion.--The court shall grant the motion if it finds that:

(1) The moving party was convicted of an offense described in subsection (d)(1).

(2) The conviction was obtained as a result of the moving party's having been a victim of human trafficking.

(g) Conviction vacated.--If the motion under subsection (d) is granted, the court shall vacate the conviction, strike the adjudication of guilt and order the expungement of the record of the criminal proceedings. The court shall issue an order to expunge all records and files related to the moving party's arrest, citation, investigation, charge, adjudication of guilt, criminal proceedings and probation for the offense.
