                                                  MAINE JUDICIAL BRANCH

STATE OF MAINE                                                               “X” the court for filing:
                                                                                Superior Court        District Court
V.                                                                              Unified Criminal Docket
                                                                             County:
                                                  Defendant                  Location (Town):
                                                                             Docket No.:
Defendant’s DOB (mm/dd/yyyy):

                                          MOTION TO SEAL CRIMINAL HISTORY
                                               15 M.R.S. §§ 2263-2264

Now comes the defendant and moves, pursuant to 15 M.R.S.§ 2263, to seal Defendant’s criminal history. In
support of this motion, Defendant states:

     1. Defendant was convicted of the following crime of (name of crime)
        on (mm/dd/yyyy)                                    . This crime is eligible for sealing under 15 M.R.S. §
        2261(6).

     2. It has been at least 4 years since Defendant fully completed the sentence imposed, including any
        incarceration, probation, administrative release, license suspension, fine payments, restitution and/or
        community service.

     3. Defendant has no other adult criminal convictions in Maine and has not had a case dismissed as the
        result of a deferred disposition since completing their sentence for this offense.


     4. Defendant has no other criminal convictions in another state or jurisdiction since completing their
        sentence for this offense.


     5. Defendant has no pending criminal charges in Maine or in another jurisdiction.

Defendant moves this Court to order special restrictions on dissemination and use of Defendant’s criminal
history record information relating to Defendant’s prior criminal conviction in this matter.

Date (mm/dd/yyyy):                                               ►
                                                                       Defendant’s Signature

Defendant’s Attorney and Maine Bar No.
(Having an attorney is not required for filing)
                                                                       Defendant’s Mailing Address




ADA Notice: The Maine Judicial Branch complies with the Americans with Disabilities Act (ADA). If you need a reasonable
accommodation, contact the Court Access Coordinator, accessibility@courts.maine.gov, or a court clerk.
Language Services: For language assistance and interpreters, contact a court clerk or interpreters@courts.maine.gov.

CR-218, Rev. 7/24                                        Page 1 of 1                                  www.courts.maine.gov
Motion to Seal Criminal History

