                   PETITION TO SEAL CRIMINAL RECORDS
                    FOR NOLLE PROSEQUI OR DISMISSAL                                            Massachusetts Trial Court
 Use this form to ask the court to seal criminal records for charges that resulted in a
  "nolle prosequi" or that the court dismissed. Use a separate form for each case.
DOCKET NUMBER                               COURT DEPARTMENT                                   COURT DIVISION/COUNTY
                                                Boston Municipal Court        Juvenile Court
                                                District Court                Superior Court

                                                             YOUR INFORMATION
      Your Name:
      Date of Birth:
      Address:
      (street, city,
      state, zip code)

      Phone Number:
      Probation Central File (PCF) Number:
                                      RECORDS YOU WANT SEALED
  Provide the following information for the records you want sealed. If you need more room, use the
  Continuation Sheet on Page 3. Check here         if you use the Continuation Sheet.
                                                 State Whether the Court Entered
                    Charge                                                         Date of Nolle Prosequi or
                                                  a Nolle Prosequi or Dismissed
     (list each charge on a separate line)                                                 Dismissal
                                                            the Charge
1.

2.

3.

4.

5.

6.

7.

8.

9.

10.

11.

12.

13.

14.
                                                                continued on next page                                 page 1 of 3
Standardized (Multi - BMC, DC, JC, SC) - Criminal - TC0057 (2/24)
                                       REASONS YOU WANT YOUR RECORDS SEALED
Answer the following questions as specifically as possible. If any question is not relevant to you, explain why. If you need more
space, attach additional pages. Also, attach any documents that support your petition to seal.

How may the records affect your ability to get or keep a job, or affect whether you rely on public assistance?



How may the records affect your ability to advance economically or professionally?



What attempts have you made to get a job?



How may the records affect your ability to obtain or keep housing?



How may the records affect your ability to participate in community or volunteer activities?



What community or civic activities are you involved in?



Did you successfully complete a probationary term or treatment for a mental health condition or substance use disorder?



Have you avoided additional contact with the criminal justice system?



Have you achieved any particular accomplishments?




By signing below, I am asking the court to enter an order sealing the records of the criminal charges listed in
this petition. I know that I may be penalized for perjury if the information in this petition is not truthful.
MY SIGNATURE                                                                                 DATE




                                                  COURT ORDER (for Court use only)
    The court will hold a hearing on the petition on this date                      at this time
    (at least 7 days after the filing of the petition). The Clerk-Magistrate must give notice of the hearing to the
    Probation Service and to the appropriate prosecutor’s office, who should notify any victim(s) that they
    may attend and speak at the hearing. The Clerk-Magistrate must post a copy of this petition on a public
    bulletin board until the hearing.
JUSTICE'S SIGNATURE                                                                          DATE




                                                           continuation sheet on next page                              page 2 of 3
Standardized (Multi - BMC, DC, JC, SC) - Criminal - TC0057 (2/24)
                                           CONTINUATION SHEET
  Provide the following information for the records that you want the court to seal, for each criminal charge
  that ended in a nolle prosequi or dismissal.
                                                 State Whether the Court Entered
                    Charge                                                            Date of Nolle Prosequi or
                                                  a Nolle Prosequi or Dismissed
     (list each charge on a separate line)                                                    Dismissal
                                                            the Charge

15.

16.

17.

18.

19.

20.

21.

22.

23.

24.

25.

26.

27.

28.

29.

30.

31.

32.

33.

34.

35.

36.

37.
                                                                                                     page 3 of 3
Standardized (Multi - BMC, DC, JC, SC) - Criminal - TC0057 (2/24)

