                                                                                                   For Clerk’s Use Only
 Person Filing                            Maria-Alejandra O'Shaughnessy-Whitfield

 Address (if not protected)               1188 West Upper Notch Crossing Road, Apartment 14B

 City, State, Zip Code                    Phoenix, AZ 85001
 Telephone                                602-555-0188
 Email Address                            maria.whitfield@example.com

 Representing ☐
              ✔ Self or ☐ Attorney for:


  Attorney Bar Number


                            MARICOPA COUNTY SUPERIOR COURT             COURT OF ARIZONA
                                     IN                 Select a county.
                                                         MARICOPA             COUNTY

STATE OF ARIZONA                                                                Case Number:

-vs-                                                                            PETITION TO SEAL CRIMINAL CASE
Maria-Alejandra O'Shaughnessy-Whitfield                                         RECORDS
Defendant (FIRST, MI, LAST)                                                     (ARS § 13-911)

OR if no charges were filed:                                                    ☐ Amended (corrected) petition
                                                                                    Select if you are amending an existing
In Re the Matter of:                                                                petition. Include existing case number
                                                                                    above.


Name (FIRST, MI, LAST)

  Read ARS § 13-911 in its entirety before completing this petition. This petition is intended to help
  those who are seeking to seal a criminal case record under ARS § 13-911 and refers solely to the
  records that exist under the control of the courts, Department of Public Safety, prosecutors’ offices,
  and law enforcement agencies. Any case record that was published or distributed prior to sealing may
  still be accessible and may not be impacted by the granting of an order to seal case records.


                            NOTE: Items marked with an asterisk (*) are required fields.

Pursuant to ARS § 13-911, Petitioner hereby petitions the court to order the sealing of the following
criminal case records related to Petitioner, as indicated in this petition. (Check only those that apply)



Arizona Supreme Court                                            Page 1 of 5                                  AOCCRSL1F-050825
Petition to Seal Criminal Case Records
                                                                                Case Number:

     ☐       Arrest records of an arrest occurring on or about Click to enter a date by the following law
             enforcement agency:                                                                  .

     ☐       Charging documents created by the following prosecuting agency (Do not check this box if no
             charges were filed):                                                                                 .

     ☐       All records relating to the eligible charge(s) in court case number:                                 .

As grounds for this petition, Petitioner states as follows:

  SECTION I. CASE RECORDS RELATED TO A CRIMINAL OFFENSE

1. PETITIONER’S INFORMATION (required)*
   a. Petitioner’s name:* Maria-Alejandra O'Shaughnessy-Whitfield
     b. Petitioner’s address:* 1188 West Upper Notch Crossing Road, Apartment 14B
     c. Date of birth:* Click to enter a date
                        12/31/1972
     d. Email address:* maria.whitfield@example.com
     e. Name at the time of arrest, if not the same as above:* Maria-Alejandra O'Shaughnessy-Whitfield

2. CASE RECORD INFORMATION (required)*
   a. What were you charged with or the offense for which you were arrested if no charges were filed:
           Possession of a dangerous drug, A.R.S. 13-3407(A)(1)


     b. Court that adjudicated the charge(s) or if charges were not filed, the court that would have
        adjudicated the charge(s): MARICOPA COUNTY SUPERIOR COURT


     c. Court case number if charge(s) were filed:
           1. Count I:
           2. Count II:
           3. Count III:
           4. Count IV:
                                ☐ Additional counts continue on a separate page.

     d. If no charges were filed, did you have an initial appearance? ☐ Yes ☐ No.
          If you marked “yes,” was your initial appearance in this court? ☐ Yes ☐ No.

          IMPORTANT: If no charges were filed but you had an initial appearance, you MUST file in
          the court where you had your initial appearance. If you were arrested but no initial
          appearance was held, you must file in the superior court in the county where you were
          arrested.

Arizona Supreme Court                                             Page 2 of 5                      AOCCRSL1F-050825
Petition to Seal Criminal Case Records
                                                                          Case Number:

3. ADDITIONAL CASE RECORD INFORMATION (if known)
   a. Location of arrest:
   b. Name of the arresting agency:
   c. Date of arrest: Click to enter a date
   d. Name of the prosecuting agency if charges were filed:

     e. Name of the justice court and the justice court case number if the case was initially filed in a
        justice court but was transferred to the superior court.



4. DESCRIBE YOUR SITUATION (required)*
                              You must check at least one box that applies to your situation.

     ☐       I was arrested for a criminal offense and no charges were filed. If checked, please go to
             Section III.

     ☐
     ✔       I was charged with one or more criminal offenses and the charge(s) were subsequently
             dismissed or resulted in a not guilty verdict at trial. A dismissal or not guilty verdict was
             entered on Click to enter a date.

     ☐       I was charged with a criminal offense and a judgment of guilt was entered on Click to enter ae.

     SECTION II. SENTENCE COMPLIANCE

1. I have satisfied all required monetary terms of the sentence, including outstanding fines, fees,
   restitution, or other court-ordered financial obligations.*
     ☐ Yes ☐ No ☐ N/A.

2. I have completed all other terms of the sentence, such as incarceration, probation, employment,
   classes, drug/alcohol testing, or other requirements.*
     ☐ Yes ☐ No ☐ N/A.

3. I have received an absolute discharge from the Arizona Department of Corrections.*
     ☐ Yes ☐ No ☐ N/A.                   (If you checked “yes,” it is strongly encouraged that you attach a
                                         certificate of absolute discharge.)
4. I have been discharged from probation.*
     ☐ Yes ☐ No ☐ N/A.                   (If you checked “yes,” it is strongly encouraged that you attach a copy of
                                         your order of discharge.)

               You cannot file this petition if you checked “no” to question 1, 2, 3, or 4 above.
Arizona Supreme Court                                       Page 3 of 5                             AOCCRSL1F-050825
Petition to Seal Criminal Case Records
                                                                 Case Number:


SECTION III. PRIOR SEALING OF RECORD(S)

1. Have you previously filed a petition to seal case records under ARS § 13-911 in this case?
     ☐ Yes ☐ No.

     If yes, what was the date of your last petition? Click to enter a date
2. Have you had case records sealed under ARS § 13-911 in a previous case?
     ☐ Yes ☐ No.

     If yes, what was the date you completed the non-monetary conditions of probation or sentence and
     were discharged by the court? Click to enter a date


SECTION IV. OTHER INFORMATION FOR THE COURT

1. If you are filing this petition to have a conviction sealed, have you been convicted of any other
   offense since the conviction for which you are asking the court to seal records?
     ☐ Yes ☐ No ☐ N/A.

2. Are there any pending charges that you are aware of that have been filed against you?
     ☐ Yes ☐ No ☐ Unknown.

     a. If you have additional pending charges, please provide:
          i. Jurisdiction:
         ii. Charges filed:
        iii. Date of the charges: Click to enter a date
3. Unless the petitioner, prosecutor, or victim requests a hearing, the court may grant or deny a petition
     without a hearing. Do you request a hearing? ☐ Yes ☐ No.

4. Is there anything else you would like the court to consider regarding this petition?




5. ☐ Attached is other pertinent documentation (non-originals). List attached documents:




Arizona Supreme Court                              Page 4 of 5                             AOCCRSL1F-050825
Petition to Seal Criminal Case Records
                                                                                   Case Number:

                                   DECLARATIONS AND ACKNOWLEDGEMENTS

I declare under penalty of perjury that the information I have provided in this petition and any
attachments are true and correct to the best of my knowledge.

I understand that this petition may be dismissed if the information I have provided is insufficient.
I also understand that this petition may be denied if information in this petition is found to be
inaccurate.


  Petitioner / Petitioner’s                                                                       Date   Click to enter a date.
    Attorney Signature
        Printed Name:                    Maria-Alejandra O'Shaughnessy-Whitfield

            Address                      1188 West Upper Notch Crossing Road, Apartment 14B

   City, State, Zip Code                 Phoenix, AZ 85001



                                              NOTICE
  You must notify the court of any new charges that are filed against you after this petition is
  filed, regardless of state or jurisdiction.

  If you filed an appeal from a limited jurisdiction court regarding the charges that you seek to
  have sealed, you must also file a petition in superior court if you want those records sealed.




Arizona Supreme Court                                              Page 5 of 5                                AOCCRSL1F-050825
Petition to Seal Criminal Case Records
                                                                                           For Clerks Use Only



                            MARICOPA COUNTY SUPERIOR COURT              COURT OF ARIZONA
                                    IN                   Select a county.
                                                          MARICOPA             COUNTY

STATE OF ARIZONA                                                            Case Number:

-vs-                                                                        ORDER REGARDING PETITION TO
Maria-Alejandra O'Shaughnessy-Whitfield                                     SEAL CRIMINAL CASE RECORDS
Defendant (FIRST, MI, LAST)                                                 (ARS § 13-911)

OR if no charges were filed:

In Re the Matter of:


Name (FIRST, MI, LAST)


Based on the information presented to the court, pursuant to ARS § 13-911, the petition requests sealing
of the following records: (Check only those that apply)

     ☐       Arrest records of an arrest occurring on or about Click to enter a date by the following law
             enforcement agency:
                                                                                                                   .

     ☐       Charging documents created by the following prosecuting agency:
                                                                                                                   .

     ☐       All records relating to the eligible charge(s) in court case number:                                  .

I. PETITIONER’S INFORMATION
    a. Petitioner’s name: Maria-Alejandra O'Shaughnessy-Whitfield
    b. Date of birth: Click to enter a date
                      12/31/1972
    c. Name at the time of arrest, if not the same as above:

Arizona Supreme Court                                         Page 1 of 3                           AOCCRSL2F-050825
Order Regarding Petition to Seal Criminal Case Records
                                                                       Case Number:

II. THE COURT MAKES THE FOLLOWING FINDINGS OF FACT AND CONCLUSIONS OF
    LAW: (Check only those that apply)

     ☐       The Court is initially unable to act on the petition because it lacks a sufficient description of the
             records to be sealed. (If this statement is selected, go directly to the Ordering section to dismiss
             the petition)

     ☐       The court provided a copy of the petition and supporting documentation to the applicable
             prosecuting agency.

     ☐       It has been at least 60 days since the Petition to Seal Criminal Case Records was filed, OR it
             has been less than 60 days since the Petition to Seal Criminal Case Records was filed, but the
             court has received notice that the prosecutor and all victims who have made a request for post-
             conviction notice do not object to the Petition to Seal Criminal Case Records.

     ☐       The court has reviewed any report provided by the Department of Public Safety under ARS §
             13-911(H).

     ☐       The offense(s) described in the petition is eligible to be sealed under ARS § 13-911.

     ☐       The petitioner is requesting sealing of records for a conviction and:

             ☐ The timeframes required by ARS § 13-911 have passed.

             ☐ The petitioner has completed all terms and conditions of sentencing, including the payment
                  of all monetary obligations and restitution, if applicable.

     ☐       Granting the petition is in the best interests of the petitioner and the public’s safety.

     ☐       Granting the petition is not in the best interests of the petitioner or the public’s safety, or the
             petitioner is requesting sealing of records but is not entitled to have the requested records
             sealed because:

             ☐ The offense(s) described in the petition is not eligible to be sealed under ARS § 13-911.

             ☐ The timeframes required by ARS § 13-911 have not passed for a conviction.

             ☐ The petitioner has not completed all terms and conditions of sentencing.

             ☐ Other:                                                                                              .

     ☐       Other findings:                                                                                       .




Arizona Supreme Court                                    Page 2 of 3                               AOCCRSL2F-050825
Order Regarding Petition to Seal Criminal Case Records
                                                                       Case Number:

III. THEREFORE, IT IS ORDERED:

     A. ☐ DISMISSING the petition to seal criminal case records for the following reason(s):

                ☐ Failure to provide sufficient information.

                ☐ The petition was not filed in the correct court.

                ☐ Other:

     B. ☐ DENYING the petition to seal criminal case records.

     C. ☐ GRANTING the petition to seal criminal case records.

                IT IS FURTHER ORDERED, in accordance with ARS § 13-911,

                Sealing all records relating to the petitioner’s arrest, conviction and sentence for the particular
                offense(s) identified above.

                Directing the Clerk of the Court to seal all case records relating to the petitioner’s arrest,
                conviction, and sentence for the particular offense(s) identified above and transmit a copy of
                this order to the Department of Public Safety and the prosecutor.



      Judicial Officer                                                            Date        Click to enter a date.


  IF THE COURT HAS DENIED YOUR PETITION, YOU MUST WAIT AT LEAST 3 YEARS
  AFTER THE DATE OF THE DENIAL BEFORE YOU CAN FILE A NEW PETITION.




Arizona Supreme Court                                    Page 3 of 3                               AOCCRSL2F-050825
Order Regarding Petition to Seal Criminal Case Records
